I just got pulled over by DLT in Georgia
because I rather pull over and get some
sleep than to drive under fatigue and
kill a family or someone in a car or
crash in my truck but the officer pulled
me over probably writing me a ticket
because I wanted to pull over and get
some sleep of course I'm on an on-ramp
I'm in a safe place where I can just be
off the road truck stops and rest areas
and everywhere I could park was all full
because there was nowhere else to park
and I was under fatigue so I couldn't
get no sleep so I can't drive under
fatigue I could crash the truck or
something like that but he rather me
just not pulled over onto on-ramp and
get rest so that I don't crash the truck
it hurts anyone or anyone in the public
let's see what he says when I asked him
the question what would he rather me do
all right here
so
therefore de Anza's hard
July 29 videographer
you want to play the fine hunk of the
cork did you add that up you have to
sleep it out we now a fine
let's stop you're such a scumbag
everything is circle phone numbers dates
all final fantasy
stuff circled in front of my
all right could I ask you a question can
I ask you a question
the state of Georgia rather be far or
drive on the fatigue later told he wants
you to drive safely park anywhere you
want so if there's no parking for a
truck which is a big deal alright but if
you've gone to every truck stop I've
taught the three truck stops before I
came to here there was no parking I went
to two I went I went to GVK I went to
two rest areas they were full too you
know so I was under fatigues I had I had
to stop just to let you know okay so you
rather your truck driver kill a family I
Drive under fatigue then I will sign it
but I'm just letting you know and this
is going to YouTube
there we go the state of Indiana I mean
I'm sorry the state of Georgia would
rather you crash the truck kill the
family than to pull over and get some
sleep
so if you live in the state of Georgia
and I truck driver crashes into you
because he's under fatigue then you know
the reason is because officers will give
you a ticket on that on-ramp when you're
trying to get some rest and there's no
purpose for no parking stops have a no
parking a stop none in the truck stop
knowing we're in Syria and you can't
park anywhere else because nobody wants
you in the parking lot so Georgia would
rather you kill a family out on the
highway or if the truck crashes on the
highway because he probably was tired
couldn't get no sleep
but the state of Georgia would rather
give you a ticket than to pull over and
get some rest